This
Ah!
Fù Jiā Hào
You were heartless, don’t blame me for being ruthless
I… sulfuric acid
I’ll make you
A complete cripple
Fù Jiā Hào
You dared to threaten me with videos
I’ll destroy your eyes
Destroy your face
Jiǎng Sī Sī
I’ll become a ghost
And never let you go
Hahaha
Fine
Then I’ll catch your ghost
And exorcise it
So you won’t find peace even in death
Fù Jiā Hào
You just stay here
And die alone
Oh, don’t move, ouch
Pull another one, okay?
It hurts, please spare me
No, no, no
Young Master, Miss
Fù Jiā Hào is dead
Dead?
How did he die?
Splashed with sulfuric acid
Burned to death
When the police arrived at the scene
His face was unrecognizable